# Crypto-Creams
Crypto Creams is a new concept for food retail. We sell soya-based protein ice creams for the people of the future. We want to end meat production. We believe our ice cream is the way to reinvent how we bring proteins to humanity and shape our sustainable future.  Crypto Creams is backed by our own cryptocurrency built on the Ethereum network- the Crypto Creams Currency [CCC]. The value of each ice cream is the FIAT value of the product in CCC plus the mining fees.  CCC tokenises the ice cream transaction, the value of the outlet, and the value of the production and support infrastructure. Customers purchase CCC at our outlets and using these tokens they get ice cream.  Our business model is entirely based on blockchain technology. Each of of the production and retail units is owned by its operators and they get their profit in CCC. The operators set the percentage of ownership of their unit that is open for investment. CCC can then be used to purchase part of an Crypto Creams Outlet or Crypto Creams Factory. Using ERC20 smart contracts the profits in CCC from each of those production and retail units are then distributed among CCC investors.  As part of our drive to include all level of investment in our business, CCC can be earned through proposing potential sites for our outlets. Using the Augmented Reality Crypto Creams App investors can propose sites and when an operator builds an outlet there, the investors will receive part of the CCC profit.  Aiming at a contribution towards the sustainable future of our planet, the long term goal of Crypto Creams is to bring the blockchain economic model to agriculture. Crypto Creams Farms will be decentralised soya bean production facilities which will be integrated in the production cycle.
